refactor(dispatch): require PR context for review triggers (#2473)
konflux-ci/fullsend: docs/agents/review.md

| Command | Where | Effect |
|---------|-------|--------|
| `/fs-review` | PR comment | Triggers a review on the PR |

The `/fs-review` command does not accept arguments and only works on pull

> requests. The review agent also runs automatically when a PR is opened,

Reviewer: I think that the fact that only works on pull requests is clear for the table above. I don't think we do need the small wording here.

```suggestion
The `/fs-review` command does not accept arguments. The review agent also runs automatically when a PR is opened,
```

Author: Applied suggestion.

synchronized (new commits pushed), or moved out of draft.

## Control labels

These labels are applied by the review post-script based on the review outcome.

| Label | Meaning |
|-------|---------|

> | `ready-for-review` | Workflow state marker on the PR. Applied by the [code agent](code.md) post-script after pushing. Triggers review when applied to a PR (not standalone issues). |

Reviewer: Same

```suggestion
| `ready-for-review` | Workflow state marker on the PR. Applied by the [code agent](code.md) post-script after pushing. Triggers review when applied to a PR. |
```

Author: Applied suggestion.
